README.md, before:

# HUD Rewrite

Testing some stuff with a fresh new base.

---

## The readme below is originally from JarateKing's [BaseHud](https://github.com/JarateKing/BaseHud) repository

Starting point for creating custom huds within tf2. Much of the tedious setup is already done, and a lot of valuable assets and tools are provided.

To learn more about huds in general, check out [the hud tutorial](https://github.com/JarateKing/TF2-Hud-Reference#readme).

## Features

* Auto-update script
* Reference / base default hud files
* On-start and on-first-run cfg's
* Closecaption compiler
* chat_english language converter
* Animation fixes
* Animation locking setup
* Remove play-button background-dimmer option
* Preloaded cp icons (sv_pure compatible)
* Fixes for certain existing hud materials
* Custom basic shape materials
* Custom refract and blur materials with fallbacks

Some of these features involve scripting or programs that are intended for windows. Where possible, linux is also supported.

## Modifying

There are multiple options for making use of this:

* Fork this repo and modify your own copy.

* Download this and modify.

* Start from scratch and take whatever parts you find necessary.

For more details on using specific parts of the base hud, check out the [usage](USAGE.md) file.

Commit message:

Meta: Update README and license
this can allow people to use the old version of my hud before the
rewrite.

license update: added a link to JarateKing's basehud repo in the
copyright

README.md, after:

# HUD Rewrite

Testing some stuff (and reimplementing features of my old personal HUD) with a fresh new base.

For the legacy (old) version of my HUD, you can visit the former [main](https://github.com/unawarespecs/tf2-hud/tree/main) branch.

---

## The readme below is originally from JarateKing's [BaseHud](https://github.com/JarateKing/BaseHud) repository

Starting point for creating custom huds within tf2. Much of the tedious setup is already done, and a lot of valuable assets and tools are provided.

To learn more about huds in general, check out [the hud tutorial](https://github.com/JarateKing/TF2-Hud-Reference#readme).

## Features

* Auto-update script
* Reference / base default hud files
* On-start and on-first-run cfg's
* Closecaption compiler
* chat_english language converter
* Animation fixes
* Animation locking setup
* Remove play-button background-dimmer option
* Preloaded cp icons (sv_pure compatible)
* Fixes for certain existing hud materials
* Custom basic shape materials
* Custom refract and blur materials with fallbacks

Some of these features involve scripting or programs that are intended for windows. Where possible, linux is also supported.

## Modifying

There are multiple options for making use of this:

* Fork this repo and modify your own copy.

* Download this and modify.

* Start from scratch and take whatever parts you find necessary.

For more details on using specific parts of the base hud, check out the [usage](USAGE.md) file.
